Talk big mac guys back with one more
video for you it's weird I do
this introduction for some time where
I do not do any kind of video or
nothing if you follow the channel you know
this and at the request of the twitter staff
I'm here to give an explanation of the
because that I can not a video there is more
two weeks because coming back
From this beginning of the year I can not
nothing practically on my channel is the
Next guys are the first of everything.
before you start explaining to me here
I'll give a few details
Alright then I recommend that if you want
know everything that happened with enough
detail you see this last live
of the channel that the hashtag stream trace
hashtag factory of knights the people
isolate a little more at the beginning of live
I explained in detail is
in detail why I do not record
but because I do not like it anymore and so
then it's the business is the following
first I came in last year now
of the school that is a year that you
technically focuses more on studies to
be able to make a good college
to pass on is a good college entrance exam
these things and this takes me mimi consumes
Longer, my school has more
classes in afternoon classes I have to
do other things and blah blah
so a well I need more time
to do it there
but it was not only that that made me lose my
desire to record the videos
I would have time normally I would have
time to record videos I wanted
could record on the weekend at the end of
late at night when the second
school but other things are happening
nec thus is changed a bit my
way of thinking about this thing of being
there is not so can this thing of you
if it divides, so it is known by
example I like I liked and I like very much
When
was for example that of the 8th grade and the 3rd
schoolboy now then before that I
I really enjoyed going out, I always went out
apple to home a friend with a party
beautiful just to sleep at a friend's house
Papa you beauty I started my channel and
I have something that my self that
when I start something I have to
do it and only her that I am the focus
in this thing and I have to do with the
best possible quality was the
channel
so I focused on the channel for three
two years ago and a little and I just
I was doing this or everything I
did before it was to leave for these
parties
I started to do very little or almost
anything right then I lost s
Let's just say it and if that word does not
It comes into my mouth now but I lost it.
this will be done like this
Now when I went to travel in that
beginning of the year here near the 15th
February and January I'm sorry
I found there and because several people
Polar there was no internet had not
computer there then the only thing that the
people were going down there and she was
pool would come back and then at night
had lunch together, then came back
and such beauty and then I was realizing it
I started to remember those
moments I had before focusing
channel only wants that moment that
I went out a lot with my friends.
so real real life friends and I
I started to see that and started to
to like it again and then my head
but so it changed not only for this but
the people what they talked me
I've been listening to people are
there with me then i was realizing it
and the will to go back to not record
arrived not coming because now instead of me
want to stay here for the weekend
recording
I prefer to go out with my
friends somewhere
so they are choices that
consequences
that is, if she chose to leave at the end of
week is all day outside
I can not record and Sunday has to
do things to school so I do not have
time for it knows how I said it
I would have time but I wish I had one.
A little time does not have a small child.
but I would have more at ease no not come
Well, well, what I wanted to talk about
Here for you, I do not record anymore.
video because you do not want it anymore
I do not feel the slightest desire to
enter that pick up the microphone to start
play and start recording
I do not feel like playing not g
we play no game any more than
Only thing I do now in the
computer talk on skype solve
Let's leave things to ourselves.
sending several things I have several
problems and listening to music then
just what I do now
outside the things I do at school and
So yes, I wanted to say this to
You and I say again here if you want
more details please see there and me
Strange is the last video on the channel
out here in the last video then the
next if you want more details
see there but I just wanted to make informed
for you so that you do not have more
yesterday's wish and have lost all this
the videos will seal out without video
will stay at 100 video until the day you
maybe I got the will back
want to record again to tears for
the other side van will return the right
lives do not come back
only because there and sometimes you are
here on the weekend night by
example there is nothing to do there and it does
a live is easier is less time than
you need
need no editing or anything else there
they will do from time to time but the
videos itself and do not have time to go back
so type does not have a day that I fail
Is not this day going to start until video does not
because I'm not in the mood anymore
understood then I hope that you
understand I wanted I will not stop at
I will not say that, but I already
I wanted to thank
really all the support that you always
they gave the channel we are now
with 31 thousand 259 subscribers
This for me is a lot or I like
of all of you who registered there and is
That's why I have to give a
satisfaction
No, I apologize to you, then.
always want to see the videos here on
channel, but I also ask for the understanding
you understand that there are things in the
Life that for me at the moment is more
important not
so this is it, I will not stay
hiding a lot, you have some
doubt you can ask in the comments
how to respond
and if you want to see more details
because I've changed so much from my
Please, live there, there you are.
channel beauty then this is thank you very much
When he spoke and until the next we
do you see a live one day or not?
possible the video there at some time
beauty then this thank you very much
said
hug